#Executive Summary

##Problem
  This project is being developed to address the lack of information about open source software that is taken to inside of companies and included as components of internal projects. Nowadays, the intake of open source software is a common practice among companies. However, there are implications that should be considered before including third party software into company’s assets. Licenses are an important aspect, and they are present everywhere. In order to avoid law sue, a company must cope to the regulations established by the software’s license when including the third party code into its projects. Some licenses require companies to contribute back to the community every time that the software changes and, therefore, the company is responsible to manage how to make these contributions. In addition, the software may have vulnerabilities attached to it. In order to avoid harming the organization, the acceptable level of vulnerability must be established on the company’s policy. Therefore, this project is being designed to help managers to acquire and analyze important information about open source software. 


##Solution

  We are going to use open source software to our maximum benefit with our project. For our solution, we are using OS services for a license manifests, as well as cross referencing all of our packages with the National Vulberability Database for Common Platform Enumberation information reports. Our project CPE reports will also be bundled with all the Common Vulunerabilities and Exposures reports for all of our included packages. We have a system designed for proper communications and dataflows between our managers and developers. The main bridge between the managers and developers is the Software Package Data Exchange tool, which generates reports for our managers as existing software is added and used by the developers. With these tools at our disposal, we are building the best, securest product with as little oversights as possible.
